So now let's talk about Amazon Inspector.
So Amazon Inspector is a service that allows you
to run automated security assessments on a couple of things.
First of all, on the E2 instances.
So you are going to be leveraging the Systems Manager agent
on your EC2 instances and Amazon Inspector
is going to start to assess the security
of that E2 instance.
It's going to analyze against unintended network
accessibility and also analyze the running operating system
for known vulnerabilities.
This is done continuously.
Then we have also Amazon Inspector
for your Container Images push to Amazon ECR.
For example, your Docker images.
So as your Container Images are being pushed
to Amazon ECR, they will be analyzed
by Amazon Inspector against known vulnerabilities.
And we also have Amazon Inspector for Lambda functions.
So Lambda functions, when they're deployed,
will be analyzed again
by Inspector for software vulnerabilities
in the function code and the package dependencies.
And this assessment happens
as the functions are being deployed.
So once Amazon Inspector is done doing its job,
it can report its findings
into the AWS Security Hub and also send findings
and events of these findings into Amazon EventBridge.
This gives you one way to centrally
see the vulnerabilities running on your infrastructure
and with EventBridge you can run some kind of automations.
So what does Amazon Inspector evaluate?
You have to remember, the Inspector is only
for your running EC2 instances, your Container Images
on Amazon ECR and your Lambda functions.
And it's going to do a continuous scanning
of the infrastructure only when needed.
So it's going to look
at a database of vulnerabilities, so CVE,
for package vulnerability for EC2, ECR and Lambda.
And it's going to look
at network reachability on Amazon EC2
and in case the database of CVE gets updated,
then Amazon Inspector is going to automatically
run again to make sure
that all your infrastructure is tested one more time.
Every time it will run,
a risk score is going to be associated
with all the vulnerabilities for prioritization.
So that's it for Amazon Inspector.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.